[Music]
Day in the life. Let's see if you really
trap. Turn off the auto tune. Let's hear
how you really rap. Haha. Send a
location. Can't burn a boy if you're
bad. Let's see. Your dad left home from
young and you ain't done [__] for your
mom. Oh man.
[Applause]
All righty. Welcome to the day in the
life today. Uh this is a day in the life
of a 20-year-old. I going to say
millionaire in the title, but uh I'm a
little bit off. With that being said,
why the [__] are we in the woods? Uh it
is currently 7:30 in the afternoon. Now,
in the morning, you guys saw me do my
morning routine, but at 7:30 to 8, I
always like to go for a walk, get some
good blood flow, and all that good jazz.
So, with that being said, we're going to
hit the walk and then after that, we
have a packed day. More specifically,
let's go over what the schedule's going
to look like for today. All right. So,
pretty much from 8 to No, not 8. No.
Yeah. From 8 to 12, I have nothing but
meetings. So, at 8:00 to 9:00, we have
the ideation call, which is for the
short form editors to show me their
story boards before they actually start
working on the videos. From 9:00 to
9:30, I did not prep the sales team
meet. So, I have to do that before the
sales team meets. However, we have the
sales team meets at 9:30 to 10:00. And
then at 10:00 to 11:00 we have the
parliament which is what we call the
company no the company meeting. And then
right after that we have the nexus
mastermind call my favorite call of the
week where I hop on with all the clients
and we have some sorts of overall
presentation solving the biggest problem
within the community. Then directly
after that we go to the gym get some
more work to do and then we end off the
night with a nice dinner. And that is
today's schedule. So very busy day. [__]
almost forgot. Last night, my crew
objective also stole my phone and asked
you guys to ask questions for me to
answer them. So, after the dinner, I'll
go through and answer the questions that
you guys have asked. So, stay tuned for
that. But until then, let's go and hop
into today's vlog.
My left. All right. What are we looking
at? Uh, where are we looking here? No,
no, the left. The left. The left. Okay.
Use these background songs to go viral
like clockwork. use them in your next
video. We go over the song examples and
we have a CTR. This is going to be a
quick [__] storyboard. Um I mean
obviously you're not going to do
anything crazy there and I'm fine with
that. Here I don't feel as if there's a
lot of selection. I don't feel as if
this is the most creative idea that we
could have had cuz right now I'm just
looking at an album cover sound and then
the type of song. I was looking for
something that would be extremely unique
and creative here though. I don't feel
as if that's here. What do you guys
think would breed
a higher level of innovation and agency
from the three of you? Because it can't
be time. So don't tell me time. But in
the storyboard, how could you guys
portray the uniqueness of the video
before you guys begin to work on it? Nam
didn't nom you did a mood board this
time. Correct. Yeah, I do uh the mood
board so I can have direction for the
graphic. But the story what you see is
the final decision.
This This looks like Devon Jau. It
doesn't look like what Deon Jau was
stepping into. It just looks like who
Deon Jau's always been. And this was
safe. Looking at this, I don't feel like
this is holy [__] dude. Amazing,
creative. It's not a breath of fresh
air. It's just what is expected of me
and of you. But that's just something to
keep in mind whenever you're coming to
these upcoming videos. Um, without risk,
there is no reward. And I'm at the
understanding that you guys have now in
some attempts to get the video signed as
soon as possible. However, if every
single view is the exact same, that's
not going to get the video approved
quicker. It's going to get approved
long. It's going to take the video
longer to get approved. Cuz at a certain
point, I am looking for uniqueness. I'm
looking for creativity. I am looking for
the redefinition of what is good. We
don't own the finish line if we never
push it back.
Does that make sense?
Yeah. All right. All right, Dwy's going
to get the video posted tomorrow. Uh,
posting schedule is Tuesday, we have the
YouTube short combo. So, PR's video
tomorrow. Wednesday, we have the numbers
in your hooks, which is a video from
Nam. Nom, when can we get that video
approved? Can you get that video
approved tomorrow with Mr. Dewey? Cool.
Go eat some dinner. Go enjoy. Nobody
gives a breath. Go eat some dinner.
Go eat some dinner, Dewey. and um enjoy
your night and I'll see you guys at the
parliament. All right, so I'm put you
guys in game real quick. So every single
Monday before uh the editors actually
start working on their videos, what we
make them do is we make them do a
storyboard. So what this means is every
single week they will basically map out
every single frame of the video for me
to look at and approve the ideation for.
Because the biggest hindrance on a video
getting approved on time or not is going
to be if the idea was good. If the idea
was bad and they spend four or five days
working on the video, then all of a
sudden they have to redo a portion of
the video and it's going to delay your
video getting approved by multiple days.
However, get the idea approved before
they start working on the video. Then
the only mistake that can be made is
just within the execution. If you don't
do the storyboard, then you have
mistakes that can be made within the
ideation and the execution. However, if
you do the storyboard at the beginning,
the only problem can be in the
execution. And it's much easier to give
direction on what to do within the
execution rather than the ideation. So
every single week we have this quick
little Monday call for an hour. They
present to me their ideas. I approve the
ideas or make changes if needed. Then
from there they go work on the [__]
videos and get them approved. So if you
currently don't have that, I highly
recommend adding that to your company
medium stack and it will make your team
10 times more efficient. Rob, I don't
know if you guys saw my story recently
recording a day in the life. You guys
are actually being recorded at this
current point in time. So if you guys
want to say hello to YouTube, you guys
can let me know. What's happening
YouTube? There you go. What's up,
YouTube?
But how can you imagine their situation
and how can we look deeper than the
information that they're giving? So, for
example, Vinnie, what is his home life
like? What is his actual dreams? He was
a baby once. Like, would you say in
terms of like just like my tonality and
like how I present? I think it's just
you being present in the call. You're
present as in if he says anything,
you're going to latch on to him. But I
don't feel as if you're present as in I
want to hear what this person has to
say. I want to understand this
situation. Not understand it as in I'm
gonna get some tie downs, but understand
it as this is a given. Here's his
problems. He's going through pain. He
doesn't necessarily even really
understand it yet. And it is my mission
to help him understand it so we can make
a decision today. because I I feel like
I was I was doing that well on previous
calls and now maybe the pendulum is just
swinging a bit too far again because I'm
like skill just give me feedback. Kate,
this is the next thing I need to learn
on contextualized numbers. Dig the grave
six foot grave and I feel like I'm
losing the the charm, the warmth of the
the more kind of connection. So I
appreciate you calling that out. I'll
work on that moving forward. Beautiful.
All right, so that was the sales team
meet. So every single week we go over
the metrics, what's the cell scene,
performance, all the good jazz, making
sure that we're making money and making
sure that we can make more money the
next week. Uh I am 8 minutes late to the
next meeting which is the parliament.
The parliament being the companywide
meeting uh to where every single person
in the company shows up to. So it's some
of my favorite meetings throughout the
week. And on this meeting we have a
pretty strict structure that we stick to
every single week. So at the beginning
we start with new new members. So we
have a new editor that we have to
onboard. So, we like to kind of welcome
them. Uh, after we go over the new
members, we'll go into company. No, no,
no. After we go into new members, we'll
go over the offboarded. So, one thing
I'm big on is being transparent with the
team. So, if there's someone that we
fired or someone that left, we like to
give them the reason on why they're no
longer here and letting them know that
they're no longer here. That way, people
aren't just getting [__] um
disappeared and eliminated. Then, after
we go over the offboarded, we'll go into
company wins. What are the overall wins
for the company on the media side? what
are the overall wins for the company for
the clients and then what are the
overall wins for the company on
fulfillment and then after we go over
the wins we go over the updates. So
making sure that the company's aligned
on this next upcoming week's vision and
what we're going to be striving for and
completing over the next week and just
kind of making sure they're in the loop
on what's going on. Then after the
company updates, we go over vision
insight. So company updates is more so
the vision over the next upcoming week
and vision insights is more so the
vision setting for the upcoming year. So
for example, we have a a company trip
coming up in August. It's where we go to
Vietnam. We have a new product coming
out which I can't tell you guys about,
but it's just kind of the overall uh
forecast of what we're going to complete
to this company over the next year, two
years. That's kind of what I want to
align our vision uh align the vision for
the company. Then after that to have
game time. So, every single week we have
one game for 10 minutes uh that has a
prize pool of 50 bucks. So, it's a nice
little fun period for me and the yeah,
for the team to get together and kind of
compete and play a game. And after that,
that is the parliament and then we hop
into the Nexus mastermind with all the
clients. With that said, I'm [__]
late, so let's go and join the
parliament. There he goes. There we go.
There we go. We got Taran here. Cool.
[__] Pier. All right, ladies and
gentlemen, welcome to today's product.
It is currently May 2 2025 uh 26th on
week 9 out of 12. So, table of contents
for today's Sam and Wy are the [__]
opponents company wins. Yeah. So, next
up Scott wins. First things first, Dewey
is now a year older. He's now an old
man. Uh you would like to start us off.
One, two, three. Happy birthday
to you.
Happy birthday.
Which is cool. And that is the personal
brand wins. Now for next week's
community wins. Um, we recently
introduced one of the strategies with
trial last week. The clients are doing
pretty [__] good and they recently
have been blowing up. They got a video,
I think his video is at 300K now, but
they added another video at 100K like a
couple days ago. So, these guys are
doing extremely well. They gained 5K
followers. So, within the past week,
Jordan journal too long ago, uh, within
his first 7 days, he did a video get
over 100K. He put 82K views on this on
the win. However, that video is not
500K. So, he's doing extremely well. And
then Stefan, I thought this guy was
cool. Uh, he joined and he was like, "Oh
my god, this is so amazing. Investing I
invested in." And then he even started
talking good about the guy on Instagram
that was messaging him, aka Mr. Bruno,
and he was like, "Oh my god, Lee, he was
amazing. He just made the offer so good.
I can't deny X, Y, and Z. This dude's a
cool dude." We've had a lot of new
clients that join. Some of them, I hear
them talk, I'm like, "Fuck, this going
to be a pain in the ass." Not because
they're like mean or bad. It's just
because intellect, but nobody's joined
and I dislike them. So that's the main
thing I care about. Everyone that joins
I'm loving including this guy and he's
loving us. Content researcher dashboard
improved workflow. What this is going to
do is going to allow for a much better
system to get the clients the weekly
content care package on time and world
class. And also uh this might not be a
win for some of you guys, but it's
definitely a win for Tyrone. I made my
first ever script in the Aristocrat
Studio which is our new internal content
software that we're going to be using to
speed up the overall content process.
All right. Yazir, I want you to count
down from I have to go, but I need you
to count down from three. Everyone turn
on your cameras. Pier, come back and
then uh whenever Yazir says three, say
hello, you two. Okay. Okay. Three, two,
one.
So much better. All right, ladies and
gentlemen, I'm going to hop off and go
to the next call. I love you guys. I'll
see you guys next Monday. Bye-bye.
Peace. See you. Now that is out of the
way, let's go ahead and go into today's
national mind with that. So, I'm trying
to give some context like before I get
to that transition. Is it really just a
matter of like use as few words as
possible to get that point across so
that I can get to that transition. It's
always use as few words as possible.
What we're optimizing for is not the
amount of value in a video, but the
value per second of video. But either
way, this is always going to be the
structure for whenever you make a video
mentioning someone's comments mentioning
that they're [__] up. All right,
guys. Is that it? Any questions?
Cool. All right, then. I'll see you guys
on the next Thursday mastermind. Until
then, if you guys have any questions,
message me at school. And hopefully you
guys have a good rest of your day. Peace
out, guys. All righty. That is the Nexus
mastermind. So, we have the gym coming
up. It's currently 12:25.
Um, I can still I can still hear David
in the other room. He's still on his
mastermind call. So, every single
Monday, we have a call with the clients,
all the business owners inside Nexus.
However, while they're on the call with
me, they send their editors to what we
call editor daycare, which is where they
help on the call with David, and David
will train them week over week. That
way, I train the actual business owners,
and then their team gets trained by
David, and it's a pretty nice little
setup. So, David's still on that call.
Uh, he should be done in a couple
minutes, and whenever he is done, we'll
head off to the gym. Would you like a
pre-workout?
Sure. All right. I realistically don't
know what the [__] I was supposed to
record.
I feel like I had some inspiration
earlier and now I feel kind of pressure
to say something important, but I don't
really think I will.
Yes. Why you as I make these quick
little pre-workout shakes? Actually,
[__] these. I'll stick that in a second.
If you guys currently do not use this
app, you guys need to use this app. So,
something I do very often is I use what
is called Snipped. So, this is what I do
on my podcast. Um, basically it allows
you to be able to clip uh portions of a
podcast and kind of get a quick little
summary um of the podcast. So, if you're
driving, you're running, you're walking
in the gym like we're about to be, and
you come across something that's that's
like, [__] that's good [__] and you
want to write it down, but you don't
have the time to, you can click a quick
little I make a lot of money. Sorry. You
can click the quick little snipped
button on any podcast. Here, I'll show
you. So like let's say for example we're
we're listening or watching
um here we'll say Leila Hermosi. So all
you have to do is press play and you're
listening to the podcast. You click on
create snip and from that real quick
create a quick little summary going over
what she's covered within the past
couple of seconds. That way you can
always get the notes that you want from
any podcast that you desire. So that's
my quick little tip before the gym. Uh
let me go and shake these bad boys up
and let's go and hit the weights. I'm
sorry. She a [__] fan. I get bread
all these [__] bands. I was seven
years old. On God, I knew I was the man.
[__] Dropped out of school. I ain't
never had no [__] plan. Got my boy,
he 52, but he shoot like NBA jam. Oh,
you need help. I was down
a
All right. So, just got back from the
gym. Had a quick little coffee. Put
three sugars in there cuz I'm a
degenerate and I got some cinnamon. But
um the video guy told me to stop looking
away. I'm not reading anything. I just
like to look away. Anyways,
it is currently 3:38 in the afternoon.
We're supposed to get back from the gym
around 3:00. However, we're [__] late
due to this [__] vlog. But um yeah, I
want to make sure that it is somewhat
decent. It's not going to be perfect and
it's not going to be what I want it to
be. But uh I know it's something that
you guys definitely have been desiring
and it's something that you guys have
asked me for and I do I do want to get
good at this and I do want to get good
at vlogging. With that being said, uh y
session over. Uh I have a lot of things
to do until the point of dinner. We have
video reviews primarily. So typically
whenever I get back from the gym every
single day, I will go through video
reviews. Now, in the content software,
uh, for the Nexus members, they have
like this little button in the content
software so they can upload a video
review every single week for me to look
at and then basically break down second
by second and analyze it and show them
what optimizations can be made to their
content to take their content to the
next level. So, typically that's around
20 minutes per video review. I like to
spend a decent amount of time on them.
So, I got probably about an hour and a
half of video reviews for the community
answering the questions of Jazz. Then
after that, we have internal feedback.
still have to give feedback to the media
team uh for the short form and the long
form and all that good jazz. Then other
than that, Mondays are pretty light. Uh
most of the work on Mondays is going to
be in the beginning of the day for all
the meetings, but afterwards it's it's
pretty light. So, we'll do all that
feedback and then after that we'll go to
dinner and then apparently you guys
asked some questions on my Instagram
stories that I was unaware of. So, I'll
be answering those after dinner. So,
let's go and hop into some video reviews
and get this money.
change different color.
[Music]
All righty, that ends off the video
reviews for today. So, I just finished
off the last video review for Mr. Hakee.
I think his last name is Hong. I think
that's how you pronounce it. Either way,
he's a barber coach. A lot of you guys
probably saw him on Instagram before.
Uh, but this can give you a glance of
what a video review actually looks like.
What I'll do is I will go on frame.io,
IO, which is where we give revisions for
editors and all that good jazz, but it's
also really good for just leaving
comments at specific times. So, I'm able
to leave a comment to every single
second to the video and kind of just
break down and analyze each second
telling what he could have done better.
Now, I split the comments in between
two. So, I'll leave comments for his
editor uh to train him up as well, but
then also leave comments for Hakee. Now,
for for Hakee specifically,
his videos are pretty [__] good. So,
most of the improvements that we're
going to make is going to be within the
script. So, if I feel as if I need to go
deeper into what improvements can be
made, I'll sit there and I'll go through
his scripts line by line and then just
leave in-depth comments on exactly what
should be changed moving forward and
what optimizations we could have made to
lead to a more desirable outcome of the
video. And then after that, once I have
all of that prepared, I'll create a
quick little loom. I guess it's not that
quick because it's 11 [__] minutes,
but um yeah, I try to cover everything
as concise as possible. But I foresee
this to be the most valuable thing that
I do throughout the day for the clients.
So, I finished up with all the video
reviews. The only thing I have left is
to give feedback to the media team. So,
I'm going to go ahead and give some
feedback for the media team. Then, I
will get sexy for dinner tonight. So, be
prepared for that. Same
color.
Don't forget to put your videos on game.
Hey, Deon. No, no, no, no. Come on.
Don't worry, Deon. I got you. Come on.
Take it for a walk. Let's grab this. Put
it back in there. All right. So, what
specifically
do you think the viewers should be put
on game for? I think the most weird will
be having those shoes, the golden
goosees, and then all those many
columns. So, I'll start with the
goosees. So, if you're unaware, um this
is a shoe brand, very expensive shoe
brand. Um and they come pre- dirty. So,
it's not like I'm a [__] slob and I
just go outside. I don't go outside. I
work all day. Uh they just come looking
like this. They cost 500 bucks depending
on which ones you get. Of course, I have
more expensive ones, but a lot of people
ask, "Why would you spend $500 on dirty
shoes?" I have other shoes that are more
expensive. For example, um, [__] the
Off-White Forser at home, but like,
let's say, for example, the Travis's,
these are probably $1,000, $1,000 pair
of shoes. However, you don't see any
creases. You don't see any dirt, and
that's cuz I don't [__] wear them.
But the goosees, you spend $500 on the
goosees and you don't feel any any guilt
wearing them or getting them dirty just
because they already came pre-dirty.
That's why I like the goosees is because
you actually don't feel any guilt
wearing them. And then also if you know,
you know. With the Travis, this is kind
of if you know, you know. But with the
goosees, it's if you know, you know. Not
many people know this limited edition. I
like the look of them and they're my
favorite shoe. And then you said the
cologn. For the clones, it's really just
personal preference and also depends on
the time of year. So, for example, I
have a lot of winter clones here right
now. Um, all the other winter clones are
at home, but like let's say for example,
uh, it just depends on the time of day.
Like, it depends on the time of day,
depends on the season. Uh, so this is
more so of a winter cologne, blonde,
amber. This is the cologne I'm wearing
today. What's the difference between
winter cologne and summer cologne? If
the best way to explain it is if you
were going for a run, you run uh,
actually no, you're going for a run.
It's 100° outside Fahrenheit. Uh, we
don't speak in poverty metrics, so
whatever that is. And so, let's just
edit or put it on screen, but it's 100°
Fahrenheit. You go for a 30-minute run,
and then you come back inside. What do
you want to smell whenever you come
inside? And that's kind of the lint test
on is it summer, or is it winter? If you
smell something and you think that would
be like a that would feel like a lot and
it would feel really heavy to breathe in
after the run, then it's probably going
to be more so winter cologne. Things
like tobacco,
um, things like oud, all that good jazz.
Uh, on the flip side, summer clones are
typically more citrusy. They're
typically fresher. I'm pretty sure
they're called blue fragrances, if you
will. Some more aquatic and all that
good jazz. So, that's the difference
between summer or winter. Uh, at least
my lit test between summer and winter.
Anyways, um, three favorite cologne
brands is going to be Clive Christian.
This is expensive for no reason. Um, the
second brand that I like the most, I
feel like it's kind of cliche to say,
but it's going to be Parfo Mr. Marley.
It's probably the more popular niche
fragrance brands out there. And then
just due to the sheer amount of colog
that I have of it, I think Creed is
probably going to be number three. And
my favorite Creed cologne is going to be
this one. You're I don't know how to say
this [__] but uh I like this one. This
one's fresh. It's nice. And that is my
current collection here in Austin. Is
that all the game that you're looking
for, David? Yep. Cool. Then let's go and
get off to dinner.
So, in Austin, they have a very, very
big presence with Whimo.
And Whimo is an automated driving
service. It's like Uber, but without a
[__] driver. They have these
everywhere. And they're actually pretty
[__] good. If I can buy a Whimo, I
definitely would.
This the right one. This is the right
one.
Hey there, Deon.
There's no one in the front seat.
You ready for this? Let's start riding.
Music or no music? Music. There we go.
What you're going to do? Um,
hip-hop and R&B.
Cool. Cool. Okay. So, let's start with
the Q&A, some questions, and then we
finish after the dinner. Sounds good.
Cool. Cool. So, first question from Ko
L.
How much of your day is routine and how
much of your day is random? How much of
my day is routine? How much of my day is
random? I want to say 90% of my day is
routine. However, that's probably not
realistic. If it's how much of my day is
planned out, I would say almost every
hour of every single day. How many of
those hours are actually spent on those
tasks? That's the question that's a
different question. But majority of my
day is planned out every hour of every
single day. Cool. That's also with this
question from Adi Gomez. How many hours
a day do you work?
Every hour of every day.
All day. All day. Uh, we wake up at
7:00. 7 to 8:00 we have the morning
routine shut and from about 8 to 8:00
p.m. it consists of work and we're
supposed to cut off work at 8:00 p.m.
but typically it lasts until 10:00 and
then you get ready for bed.
Cool. Adam Mohammed, he said, "How does
he manage how do you manage scripting
calls and living your life?" Just don't
be a [__]
Uh there's work to do, but there's
always I mean it's just prioritization.
Everyone has the same amount of hours in
the day. It's just what do you
prioritize? I don't prioritize living my
life.
What super car do you own? A Kia Optima
2020. You don't have a Ferrari? Yeah,
Porsche. No, not yet. Soon, but not yet.
I want to get a wagon soon, but right
now, uh it's the same car from high
school, and it serves me well.
What is the most important part of the
day for you? Uh, deep work. First 4
hours. So, from 8 to 12, I want it to be
silent. No one talks to me. No one
messages me. No. Just I don't want to
know anything. If something's wrong, I
don't give a [__] Give me my first 4
hours so I can script. And that is the
most important part of my day. Cool. And
last one before we go to dinner. Cool.
How do you hire and train up the best
editors for Nexus?
This is a good question. Number one, I
have a very handsome individual holding
the camera that has a lot of credit to
take for that. Um, but how does it how
do I hire and train the best editors for
Nexus?
Personally, I don't know how to edit.
So, I've never edited a video a day in
my life. I have no [__] clue how to
use Adobe, After Effects, Premiere Pro,
anything in the such. So, it's not that
I sit there on some sort of creative
genius as I'm going to tell them, hey,
put a shadow behind that. Hey, do this,
do that, do that. I think it's just more
so because I have such a high standard
that I will hold them to and they will
be no
exception
for that standard. It either you reach
it or you get fired and then we do have
a high trend rates within Nexus. So it's
not that everyone is successful but um
the ones that come in their intelligence
and they're willing to work and they're
willing to become some of the best in
the world. It is just holding them to
that standard and letting them hit the
potential that they know that they can
hit and that's pretty much it. I can't
say that I tell them what to do. I just
more so hold them to a standard and
it is up to them to reach that set
standard. So I think the credit goes to
more so person holding the camera and
then the editors not me. Cool, cool,
cool. So we are here
place in Austin. We are we are in Coring
right now. Uh it's a nice place. It is
from a walkable distance from the
apartment. So, it's like it's typically
where we want to go. They have a nice
daycare and that's all we get. So, yeah.
Cool. So, first question. More
questions. Yeah. More questions. Okay. L
C says, "What is your favorite
breakfast?"
I don't [__] eat breakfast. You
don't? Element water.
Just water. Element water. And what was
that that you put in your water? This is
a good question. So, we have a client in
Texas, his name is Charles Barber, and
he owns a supplement company called uh
Crucial 4. So, I have an in breakfast
every single morning. What an in
breakfast is is it has a bunch of
different [__] in it. I'm not going to
try to tell you what it's in it cuz I
don't [__] know. Charles can do that.
But what is in it, that's the main
reason I drink it, is called is called
cacao. And he put me on to how
beneficial it is to drink cacao. So, I
drink cacao every single morning and
breakfast from our client supplement
brand. That's good. That is good. Cool.
How do I write the scripts for my
clients if I'm not the subject mother
expert? I like this question. Who Who
asked this question? Productic path. Uh
the answer to the question is you
[__] don't. This at no point in time
do you should be writing the service for
the clients because you do not you're
not an expert within the subject matter.
Whenever it comes to creating
educational based content, the content
is based upon the education that you
give. So if if that is true for your
clients, then why the [__] would you be
the one writing the scripts? What we do
is we have the client write the base
script. Uh so they basically we give
them we give them the idea. Whenever we
used to do another free service, we
don't do it very often now, but whenever
we used to do do the dunk free service,
we would give the clients the idea, map
out the idea for the clients and then
they would write out the base scripts.
That way I get not only their language
but then also their expertise. Then from
that they consume that base script for
me to me for me to optimize that base
script to be optimized for social media
performance and in that they then had a
good script that they can record. But at
no point in time should you ever be
scripting for a client from harsh how
many times to jerk?
Did I read that right? How many times do
I jerk? Wolf Wall Street actually had a
had a good clip on that. You jerk off.
Do I do I jerk off? Yeah.
[Music]
And I think whenever we start to get
into the game of content, I think twice
a day is mandatory. Uh I'm an
overachiever though, as I am at
everything. So probably around three to
four times a day. Five times of the day
is really stressful.
Orest asked, "How can I convert a viewer
to a buyer?" This is a good question.
This is the whole point of making
content in the first place for us. How
can you convert a viewer into a buyer?
So, I'm under the belief that you should
be giving value first. A lot of people
think differently especially people that
come from pans but I am a believer in
building the perception of value because
once you create some perception of value
especially around your free content it
is human nature to think that an
individual's paid content is more
valuable than the free content. So the
higher the perception that you can build
in your free content of your information
or your service, then what that's going
to do is it's going to create a bigger
wall of the viewers trying to look over
that wall of payment of holy [__]
whatever the [__] is behind this wall
has to be amazing. And the bigger the
wall, the more the curiosity of what's
behind the wall. For example, if you
walk up to the Great Wall of China, if
you didn't know what the [__] that is,
the first question is, well, what the
[__] is behind that? However, if the
wall is one foot is one foot and I can
see directly over the wall, it's like I
don't have any curiosity to learn more.
So, the question that you should be
asking yourself is how can I make that
wall higher and how can I raise the
perception of my education, of my
expertise by giving more within your
free content and giving more valuable
content. Well, creating more valuable
content. You're good.
Thank you. Oh, the [__] I was saying?
Oh, yeah. editor 10k my lesson more than
anyways I'm done with the [__]
questions I'm gonna dig in you like my
gay little [__] microphone you got me
rigged up on
so so quick little scenery change as you
can see we are back in the panty dropper
I know you don't I know you don't know
what that means yet that is the name of
the pen house the panty dropper you'll
see that in another video if it's not
already up if it is it's on the screen
but long story short it's [__] windy
outside so let's go and hop back into
the Q&A to end off this vlog from Grow
with Ola how do we How do you do
research?
That is making the assumption that I do
the [__] research. I personally do
not do my own research anymore. I did it
for a long time. However, I now have a
content researcher. His name is the
prodigy. If you are in next, you know
who that is. But yeah, we have a content
researcher that goes and finds content
ideas for me every single week and from
that I have a good selection of videos
that I can create. Now, how I get
research or how I get ideas now outside
of him, I'm assuming you don't have a
content researcher if you're not in
Nexus. Um the way that I get content
ideas now is either just by doing the
thing as in a client will be asking me a
question and then I'll just like sit
there and go [__] that's a good video
idea or typically it's through
serendipitous ideation. Serendipitous
meaning that I am on the quest of
learning something new outside of
content. However, in that quest of
learning something new I make a
correlation
within that learning of like oh this is
a really good idea for content creation
or for content marketing. And that's
where I get I would say 50% of my ideas
now. So it's either in the con it's
either in the quest of trying to learn
more or it's just coming from the
prodigy aka my content researcher. Cool.
From Ricard. Where to start when don't
know anything about social media? What's
his name? Ricard. Ricard. Ricard. That's
a horrible [__] question. Uh
I know nothing about you. I wish I could
tell you a more directional answer.
however there the answer I'm going to
give you is make a [__] video and
post. I mean there's no that's how you
that's how you get started without
knowing anything about social media. You
just make [__] videos. I don't know
anything about you so I can't give you
that directional of an answer but the
only way to start is to start. Cool.
From Luki Jadav, what is the real secret
to viral reel? What is the real secret
to a viral reel? I would also say this
is another low agency question cuz
you're looking for some sort of secret.
There is no such thing as a secret. It
is purely is your video worth other
people's time. And if that is true
across a large audience of people that
are interested within your video, then
the video will be pushed to those
individuals because the platform is
financially incentivized to do so. If
that is not true, then the question just
becomes, how can I make my video more
valuable to be worth more? That way,
people are willing to give their time to
learn whatever I have to teach in my
video. from Bell Transmissions. When
starting out, should you be the editor
or hire someone else?
That is highly dependent on how much
money you make. If you make more than
10k a month, you're at the point to
where you have the capital to leverage
it against your time and outsource to an
editor to edit your content cuz it's
going to be better and also you have to
spend the time doing so. However, if you
don't have that capital, then you have
to edit the [__] videos yourself. And
that would be my my framework of should
you edit or should you not. Cool. Okay.
from late.
Tell us your story from the ground up.
That's a deep question.
My story from the ground up. Um I think
something I would put into
perspective on why I am the way I am. At
least from what you guys see, I'm an
only child, so I'm used to being kind of
more so introverted. Um Devon Jatha from
the ground up. I would say growing up I
never wanted to be average. That doesn't
mean that I've always been an
overachiever. That definitely is not the
case. I was a pretty lazy child. But I
definitely do remember myself not ever
wanting to be average. I always wanted
myself to be exceptional. That's the
only way that I could ever view myself.
Whether that was true or not at the
time, whether that might be I think
that's whether that's true or not now, I
always viewed myself as an exceptional
not as an exceptional human being, but
someone that I expected myself to be
exceptional. So at the ages of 13, I was
a Fortnite player. So, I played Fortnite
and I actually made money doing so.
Oh my god. So, what I used to do is I
basically,
you got five bucks, I got five bucks, I
got five bucks that I can beat you. And
that was kind of the way that I made
money. I just wagered to other kids. And
I was pretty [__] good at the game.
So, started making money through
Fortnite. Uh, eventually I made enough
money to where I was like, "Okay, I got
a little bit of money now." That kind of
was kind of the purpose. However, I
wasn't the best in the world. And you
only really made real money if you were
the best in the world. I might have been
top 100, but I was never the best in the
world. So, I ended up doing Fortnite
optimizations. What that means is I
would go on to other Fortnite players
computer and then basically change their
Windows settings to make their computer
run faster. Now, did I know what the
[__] I was doing whenever I was doing
that? No. Not one [__] bit. But I
knew that it worked and I knew that
people would pay me as long as it did
work. So, we already got around. I
started doing some marketing on Twitter
at giving away free [__] and I got the
attention that I was looking for to be
able to sell that $25 optimization
service. So I was probably 16 at that
point and I was making around $25 per
optimization. It took me about 20 bucks
20 minutes to do an optimization. So
assuming I was fully booked out, which
is rare, I was making around $75 an
hour. I was happy. And then from the
ages of around 16 and a half and 17, uh,
I started doing Fortnite cheats. So what
that means is I gave a developer some
money now that I actually had a business
going and I had a developer make a
Fortnite cheat. And in that Fortnite
cheat, I was probably one of the biggest
uh, cheat sellers at that point in time
was called Private Aim with over 10,000
members in the Discord. And that was the
first time that I ever started making
decent money. I was making $1,000 a day.
Uh, of course not consistently, but I
remember vividly my first $1,000 day and
I was selling Fortnite cheats. My
parents were like, "What the fuck?" Um,
and that was kind of my first taste of I
can do this [__] Then I got a huge miss
and that [__] went down the [__]
train. Uh, so after the Fortnite cheats,
money started drying up a little bit.
Then I had to go get a real job. So I
went to go door knock for a while. I was
a solar salesman. I'm knock on your
door. basically go, "Oh my god, your
roof is empty. You're wasting a lot of
money. How much are you spending money?
How much are you spending on electric
bills, X, Y, and Z? I can help you save
100 bucks. Would you like to hear it?"
They say yes. And then from that, I
would book them in for appointments. I
was the appointment center. I was I was
okay, you know what I mean? I was 18. I
had a nice smile to me. I felt as if I
was pretty warm and I did okay. Um,
but it was never something I wanted to
do for a long period of time. I knew
that and it became more and more evident
as the time went on. In the summer, it
wasn't bad. I was getting kind of tan. I
was losing I was burning hella calories.
I was looking sexy. Summer, I wasn't I I
wasn't hating the job realistically. Um,
however, when winter came, [__] You
knocked doors, the [__] knuckles
would hurt, your knuckles would turn
purple. People were meaner in the
winter.
And uh, it just got to a point to where
I knew I had to change something. So, I
was watching Shark Tank one night and
there was a clip from Mr. Wonderful. And
Mr. Wonderful asked the guy that was
pitching them at the time, "How many
social media followers do you guys
have?" Cuz they were getting a lot of
sales from organic. And they said
whatever number, and the [__] sharks
weren't impressed. But in that moment, I
thought to myself, if I could help that
dude say that he had a 100,000 more
followers, he would have gotten that
investment. And I think that he would
have paid me to do that for him. So I
was like, "Fuck it. I'm going to do
that." And the rest was history. I
started making some videos, one video,
two video, three video, and I went to
Hawaii. I came back, made three more
videos, and on my seventh video, I got a
million views. After that, there was a
guy named Juma. I'll never forget this.
He's Malaysian. He was a Forex trader,
and he gave me 4 grand. Uh, why he gave
me four grand, I don't [__] know. But
as soon as he gave me that four grand, I
quit my job entirely. The next day, I
made another six grand. And that was my
first ever 10K a month. At the age of
18, I was making 10K a month. At the age
of 19, I made my first 100K month. And
at the age of 20, I had my first 100K
day. And now we're here in the penny
dropper. And the [__] penny dropper.
So that might not have been the most
eloquent uh explanation of my life, but
um I'll definitely say that's the
general overview.
Good. Good history. Good history. All
right. Uh do you have any more
questions, Mr. D? No more questions.
Cool. And I would say it's a perfect
place to end the vlog. With that being
said, thank you guys for coming out and
I'll see you in the next one. Subscribe,
all that [__] Ah, [__] Subscribe. Like
the video. Wait, hold on. Hold on.
Subscribe for more value. There you go.